CRTX-192056 (#41129)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS/ReleaseNotes/2_1_4.md

#### Integrations

##### Amazon Web Services

> - Added support for ***aws-s3-bucket-encryption-get*** command that retrieves the default encryption configuration for an amazon s3 bucket. shows the serverside encryption settings that are applied to new objects stored in the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the ***aws-s3-bucket-encryption-get*** command that retrieves the default encryption configuration for an Amazon S3 bucket. Shows the server-side encryption settings applied to new objects stored in the bucket.
```

> - Added support for ***aws-s3-bucket-policy-delete*** command that deletes the bucket policy from an amazon s3 bucket. this operation removes all policy based access controls from the bucket, potentially changing access permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the ***aws-s3-bucket-policy-delete*** command that deletes the bucket policy from an Amazon S3 bucket. This operation removes all policy-based access controls from the bucket, potentially changing access permissions.
```
